Facebook requirements update (#5721)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-facebook-conversions-api/index.md

[Facebook](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/conversions-api/parameters/external-id/){:target="_blank"} allows you to send one External ID per payload as a string, or multiple per payload in an array of External ID strings. Send an array of External IDs through Segment by mapping an array to the `externalId` field when setting up your Actions mappings.

### Not seeing events in Facebook

> Facebook releases updates to its platform regularly. Those updates will sometimes include new requirements for use of the Conversions API. Please check here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api/changelog/version13.0 to keep up to date. A notable update pertaining to the Conversions API was v13.0, so take a look for additional requirements there and in any newer versions.

Reviewer: Is there anything in particular that we should call out about v13.0? @spencerattick 

```suggestion
Facebook releases updates to its platform regularly. Those updates can include new requirements for use of the Conversions API. Check Facebook's [Graph API Changelog](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/graph-api/changelog){:target="_blank”}  to keep up to date with the current requirements. 
```

Reviewer: hi @spencerattick - are there any specific changes in functionality that came with v13.0 that are worth addressing in our docs?

Reviewer: hi @spencerattick, flagging this again for your review! are there are any changes we should specifically call out related to v13.0?
